`DiseasyModelOdeSeir`: Allow for delays in observables (#218)
ssi-dk/diseasy: vignettes/articles/SEIR-initialisation.Rmd

We again assume $Inc^* = r_i I_1$.

We can modify the SEIR equation to take this signal as a forcing function with one less $I$ state
(no $I_1$ state).

> The equations are as normal expect for the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The equations are as normal except for the following changes:
```

$$
\frac{d I_2}{d t} = Inc^* - r_i I_2
$$

If we create such a submodel and start this system at a time where there are no new infections,
we can initialize $I_l = 0$, and run the simulation forward to estimate the $S$ and $R$ populations
at the point of interest.

# Initialising custom model output states
When the model is asked to deliver a prediction for an observable, these observables
may be shifted in time (i.e. delayed) relative to the point of infection.

> For example, hospitalisation might occur an average of 7 days after infection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, hospitalisation might occur on average 7 days after infection.
```

If the models starts at `time = 0`, then any model output for hospitalisation
will therefore have a transient period of 7 days before that signal begins being
exported by the model.

Each model output is derived either from the $I_1$ state or any of the $C$ states
added when the user defines a custom model output (see the "DiseasyModelOde" article).

To eliminate the transient behaviour of the model output when delays are included,
we can determine the values of the $I_1$ state and the $C$ states for `time < 0`.

This process is two-fold,

> 1) To determine $I_1$ for `time < 0` we can simply use the input signal given the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) To determine $I_1$ for `time < 0` we can simply use the input signal given to
```
